adds api documentation for the import exception list api (#2777)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/exceptions/api-import-exception-list.asciidoc

[[exceptions-api-import-exception-list]]
=== Import exception list

Imports an exception list and associated items.

An exception list groups <<exceptions-api-create-exception-item, exception items>>
and can be associated with rules. When an exception item's query evaluates to

> `true`, rules do *not* issue alerts even when the rule's other criteria are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`, associated rules do *not* issue alerts even when their other criteria are met.
```

> You can assign detection rules with multiple exception lists. For more information, refer to <<rules-api-create>> and <<rules-api-update>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign multiple exception lists to a detection rule. For more information, refer to <<rules-api-create>> and <<rules-api-update>>.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can assign multiple exception lists to a rule. For more information, refer to <<rules-api-create>> and <<rules-api-update>>.
```

Reviewer 2: @benironside 's edits look good! I just left one more minor suggestion. Detection rules are generally referred to as just "rules" in the Security docs.

IMPORTANT: All exception items added to the same list are evaluated using

> `OR` logic. That is, if any of the items in a list evaluate to `true`, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`OR` logic. This means that if any of the items in a list evaluate to `true`, this
```

> exception prevents the rule from generating an alert. Likewise, `OR` logic is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prevents the rule from generating an alert. Likewise, `OR` logic is
```

Author: why are we removing `exception` from this sentence? Wouldn't this read as

`That is, if any of the items in a list evaluate to `true`, the prevents the rule from generating an alert. Likewise, `OR` logic is`?

Reviewer 3: @dhurley14 Removing `exception` works together with the edits in the line above (from `the` to `this`), so the full sentence would be:

> This means that if any of the items in a list evaluate to `true`, this prevents the rule from generating an alert.

used for evaluating exceptions when more than one exception list is
assigned to a rule. To use the `AND` operator, you can define multiple clauses
(`entries`) in a single exception item.

==== Request URL

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/api/exception_lists/_import`

The request must include:

* A link to the `.ndjson` file containing the exception list.

For example, using cURL:

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
curl -X POST "<KibanaURL>/api/exception_lists/_import"
-u <username>:<password> -H 'kbn-xsrf: true'
--form "file=@<link to file>" <1>
--------------------------------------------------
<1> The relative link to the `.ndjson` file containing the exception list.

===== URL query parameters

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description |Required

|`overwrite` |Boolean |Determines whether existing exception lists with the same

> `list_id` are overwritten and if any exception items have the same `item_id`, those are also overwritten. |No, defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`list_id` are overwritten. If any exception items have the same `item_id`, those are also overwritten. |No, defaults to `false`.
```

> |`as_new_list` |Boolean |Determines whether the list being imported will have a new `list_id` generated, and additional `item_id`'s generated for each exception item. Both the exception list container and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`as_new_list` |Boolean |Determines whether the list being imported will have a new `list_id` generated. Additional `item_id`'s generated for each exception item. Both the exception list container and
```

Author: @nastasha-solomon how does this sound?

```suggestion
|`as_new_list` |Boolean |Determines whether the list being imported will have a new `list_id` generated. Additional `item_id`'s are generated for each exception item. Both the exception list container and
```

its items are overwritten. |No, defaults to `false`.
|==============================================

===== Example request

> Imports the exception list in the `exception_lists.ndjson` file and overwrites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imports the exception lists in the `exception_lists.ndjson` file and overwrites
```
Figured this should be plural since the file is called `lists`

> existing list with the same `list_id` values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
existing lists with the same `list_id` values:
```
